# My Education Experience
It's been... interesting

### High School
If theres anything I know about high school, it's that I hated it. There were definitely fun parts, but I couldn't seem to look past how shallow most people were. My friends were a group of athletes, and a lot of them played on the basketball team (our high school SUCKS at football, but basketball is decent so it's really popular). I was a little hypocritical, because I was "friends" with them, but constantly judging them for how they acted, which was arrogant, entitled, exclusive, but I was being the exact same way. My class in high school was extrememly competetive, escpecially in academics. Because of this, I never tried very hard to be top of the class because I knew I wouldn't make it. I also knew I didn't plan on going anywhere crazy for college so I didn't need to. I did alright though with As and Bs. I was partying a lot my senior year because I was just unhappy with who I was and when my parents found out and grounded me for the summer after graduation it changed my attitute about how college would be.

### College - Freshman Year 
After being grounded until July, I was so ready to go off to college and not be trapped under my parents' rules anymore. But alas, I fell in love, as one swears all of high school not to do because "it's stupid because you're just going to break up before going off to college to avoid long distnace". Famous last words on my end... Sam and I started ~officially~ dating 11 days before he moved to Iowa. I was going to Loyola in Chicago. We made it work though, visiting each other every 2 weeks or both going home. Remember how I said I was so ready for college after being grounded? I wasn't. I was stuck in a tiny dorm room with two girls I didn't know, one of which was batsh*t crazy, and never had any privacy. I didn't go to welcome week events, didn't make friends and believe it or not I got really depressed. Sam kept me grounded, though, encouraging me to go out and try to meet people. He was going through the same thing in Iowa, only he doesn't mind being alone all the time (he has an xbox). When things were at their worst I decided I was going to transfer after freshman year. I was sad to leave Chicago but it's no fun when you have no friends or money. I learned a lot though about myself, what I really care about, and who I wanted to be. 

### College - Sophomore Year
The summer before I came to Mizzou is probably one of the best ones of my life. I was in a great place and ready for a fresh start in Columbia. I knew a few people here already so I knew I wouldn't be completely alone in case I needed someone, but I didn't have any trouble making friends. I joined a small group where I met a great group of girls and I got a job in the Economics Department as a student assistant. I was having so much fun up until March 2020. I don't really need to go into detail on that, we all already know how that went. 

### College - Junior Year
Junior year has been a bizzare experience. Zoom university is not as fun as Mizzou in person. It could be a lot worse though, so I shouldn't complain. For the most part my professors have been understanding and my grades have stayed afloat. This final project is turning out to be on of my favorites so far. I may be writing to much but it's quite theraputic. Next year I will graduate with a Bachelor of Science in Economics. After that, who knows? I'm not worried about it. 